V2-3578 How to add external scripts from a block (#49)
volusion/element-documentation: how-to/add-external-scripts-from-a-block/README.md

# Add External Scripts from a Block

## 1. Locate Your Block's `componentDidMount` Function

> Open up `Block.js` and locate the `componentDidMount` or `constructor` function. If those function doesn't exist yet, add one to your component. You may need to refactor the block to use class syntax.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open up `Block.js` and locate the `componentDidMount` or `constructor` function. If those functions don't exist yet, add the appropriate one to your component. You may need to refactor the block to use class syntax.
```
